Added ALt Tag for upgrade/extended-support-release.rst (#5621)
mattermost/docs: source/upgrade/extended-support-release.rst

To receive updates about Extended Support Releases, sign up for our mailing list `here <https://eepurl.com/dCKn2P>`__.

.. image:: ../images/esr-graphic.png

>    :alt: Mattermost provides an Extended Support Release when a significant number of new features and improvements have been added to the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Timeline-based chart showing the lifecycle of Mattermost Extended Support Releases and feature releases from last year and this year.
```
